True ! This series is not over we need a strong 3rd period get some goals & head back 2 da Burg with confidence ! 
SPC Severe Thunderstorm Watch 339: WW 339 SEVERE TSTM KS NE 070200Z - 070800Z URGENT - IMMEDIATE BROADCAST REQUE . . 
can anyone recommend a pico projector with monitor jack for my netbook that won't break the bank ? 
i got the sims 3 ! 
'Before the Storm' is a new song from the Jonas Brothers that is going to be on their new album . miley has a duet with nick on it ! 
is in LA now
cleaning my room |:
Cheer up Liz: ) 
Dinner ! ! ! in Aurora , CO
Eden Amsterdam American Hotel ( ** ) on various dates for €110 . . 
DAMMiT T0DAy ! ! N0THiN WENT My WAy : ( HAD N0 FuN N M0 T0 CuM xP
aww &lt;3 you ok mate ? do you have skype btw ? 
#redsox Extra Bases: Sox win , 8-1: The Rangers spoiled Jon Lester's perfecto and his shutout . . 
updated my blog just a little bit ago . Take a chance to check out my latest work . Hope all is well: ) 
it's not , Ch . 4 only airs the live feed from like 11pm-6am over there . No live feed = really boring BB this year . 
rt Twitter to roll out 'Verified Accounts' this summer
I just played "give it away" in response to your tweet
Apple Readies Snow Leopard for September , Will Charge $29
Ai cara vamo faze uma parceria entre nossos blogs ! Qualquer coisa me add no msn biel . fontenele@hotmail . com
how work was today ? miss me ? 
de tanto meu irmão cantar smelly cat , eu fiquei com essa música na cabeça ! hahahaha meu irmão é um mini Tom ! ! ^^ hehe
Just in case you missed my Celebrity Retail Therapy Du Jour . Go shop yourselves sane ! 
Me duele la panza &gt; . &lt;
[ReadWriteWeb] DeepTrawl Helps Webmasters Find & Fix Site Errors Quickly , Simply
- À caminho da lagoa do peixe . . . 
nothin
Anyone know how to turn off just my Mic in just my headphones using SoundFlower ? I still want to record it , just don't want to hear it . 
hey brother I need to give you a ring
RT MOTHER FUCKING COCK SUCKING PIECE OF SHIT PROGRAM ! 
So turn off the Busyness - which is the #1 enemy to Intimacy , get in Daddy's face , look into His eyes , receive His love deep into ur spirit
ηταν περιεργα ρρ συ . . . Αφου λεγανε οτι "βρηκανε" χιλιαδες πραγματα , αλλα αλλαζαν αρχειακια κ ετσι . . . Τι να πω . . . Εγω VC θελω ! ! ! 
I just deposited money into my Swiss bank account . #spymaster
Stephen Colbert , Newsweek guest editor:
How did this college class do this with Twitter ? Can you point me a resource that walks me through . . . 
